# AW-t-SNE
The test data, code and result of the AW t-SNE algorithm

# Structure of the folder
## Datasets: This folder contains two datasets, the MNIST dataset and the medical record dataset.
### MNIST dataset:We selected two easily misidentified digits, 4 and 9, based on the digit labels to form the new dataset(mnist_data(1000) and mnist_data(2000)):
   <ol>
    <li>mnist_data(1000)：mnist_data(1000) contains a total of 1000 groups of data, each consisting of 784 data point attributes and 1 label attribute.</li>
    <li>mnist_data(2000)：mnist_data(2000) contains a total of 1000 groups of data, each consisting of 784 data point attributes and 1 label attribute.</li>
    <li>handled_mnist_data(1000)：the dataset obtained by binarising mnist_data(1000).</li>
    <li>handled_mnist_data(2000)：the dataset obtained by binarising mnist_data(2000).</li>
   </ol>
    
### Medical Record dataset:A total of 13 attributes are included:
   <ol>
    <li>medical record_data：This is our origin medical record data, which contains 13 attributes, namely LOH, COG, AGE, TOO, SDH, LSH, CEH, TCH, CWM, COD, CLH, CCT, CCM.</li>
    <li>handled_medical record_data(1000)：The dataset is obtained by standardising the medical record_data and randomly selecting 1000 groups of data.</li>
    <li>handled_medical record_data(2000)：The dataset is obtained by standardising the medical record_data and randomly selecting 2000 groups of data.</li>
   </ol>
   
## Module：This folder contains all the codes that needs to be used.
   <ol>
    <li>critic method.py：This is the code for calculating the weights of the data matrix by the critic weight method.</li>
    <li>svd method.py：This is the code for calculating the weights of the data matrix by the svd method.</li>
    <li>entrophy weight method.py：This is the code for calculating the weights of the data matrix by the entrophy weight method.</li>
    <li>PSO(MNIST).py：This is the code to calculate the optimal weights of the MNIST data matrix by the PSO algorithm.</li>
    <li>PSO(Medical Record).py：This is the code to calculate the optimal weights of the Medical Record data matrix by the PSO algorithm.</li>
    <li>t-SNE(MNIST).py：This is the code for the t-SNE dimensionality reduction algorithm of MNIST data.</li>
    <li>t-SNE(medical record).py：This is the code for the t-SNE dimensionality reduction algorithm of Medical Record data.</li>
    <li>AW t-SNE(Medical Record).py：This is the code for the t-SNE algorithm for dimensionality reduction of Medical Record data.</li>
    <li>AW t-SNE(MNIST).py：This is the code for the t-SNE algorithm for dimensionality reduction of MNIST data.</li>
   </ol>
   
## Result：This folder includes two-dimensional data points generated by the t-sne algorithm and the aw t-sne algorithm after dimensionality reduction of data in datasets
   <ol>
    <li>t-SNE_mnist_data(1000).json：The JSON file is a two-dimensional data point set generated by reducing the dimension of 1000 groups of binarized MNIST data using t-sne algorithm</li>
    <li>t-SNE_mnist_data(2000).json：The JSON file is a two-dimensional data point set generated by reducing the dimension of 2000 groups of binarized MNIST data using t-sne algorithm</li>
    <li>aw t-SNE_mnist_data(1000).json：The JSON file is a two-dimensional data point set generated by reducing the dimension of 1000 groups of binarized MNIST data using aw t-sne algorithm</li>
    <li>aw t-SNE_mnist_data(2000).json：The JSON file is a two-dimensional data point set generated by reducing the dimension of 2000 groups of binarized MNIST data using aw t-sne algorithm</li>
    <li>t-SNE_medical record_data(1000).json：The JSON file is a two-dimensional data point set generated by reducing the dimension of 1000 groups of standardized medical record data using t-sne algorithm</li>
    <li>t-SNE_medical record_data(2000).json：The JSON file is a two-dimensional data point set generated by reducing the dimension of 2000 groups of standardized medical record data using t-sne algorithm</li>
    <li>aw t-SNE_medical record_data(1000).json：The JSON file is a two-dimensional data point set generated by reducing the dimension of 1000 groups of standardized medical record data using aw t-sne algorithm</li>
    <li>aw t-SNE_medical record_data(2000).json：The JSON file is a two-dimensional data point set generated by reducing the dimension of 2000 groups of standardized medical record data using aw t-sne algorithm</li>
   </ol>
